Text from page_0.png:
Sentence Database A01-000

A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from nominating any more Labour life Peers is to
be made at a meeting of Labour M Ps tomorrow. Mr. Michael Foot has put down
a resolution on the subject and he is to be backed by Mr. Will Griffiths, M P for
Manchester Exchange.

kh MOVE to stoe Mr. Gaoribhell from

MOUAL LOS ag aura wone Labowe ife_ “Poors

wo to @B2 waae_ aka medthua af i Se
MPs tsoucrreonro, My, Michael Fook kay
pale Aown a vesolution on the sudiody
Onr Wo do Va. backeR by Mr. Wit

Name:



Text from page_1.png:
Sentence Database A01-003

Though they may gather some Left-wing support, a large majority of Labour M Ps
are likely to turn down the Foot-Griffiths resolution. Mr. Foot’s line will be that as
Labour M Ps opposed the Government Bill which brought life peers into existence,
they should not now put forward nominees. He believes that the House of Lords
should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear
to ’prop up” an out-dated institution.

THO bey Wary Qabsd come Le Yr - erg
support, a large majonty af labor
MP5 wX Latte Bir K dowy ve oo ape
GATE. w.olJion. bw. Fook bua will
Qe rok ar Ladars MPs cppoeach Ma
Gover quent “Bill Dory Lyong\h ule. ears
‘wo art phan bras oclsoutor nok noun pul
Sorwed UomMninados, He leo URVAQ Mak bas
House. of Lovots slhoutcd be adsoliotad ak
buak Later should uo bala. auy ahepo

u“

WK Ward aPeear to 4. PYF uP an ow ~

Name:



Text from page_10.png:
Sentence Database A01-049

Senator Allen Ellender, of Louisiana, sparked off the opposition by telling a television
audience it was ”current Washington gossip” that Weaver once had Communist affilia-
tions. The Senate Banking Committee, which is headed by another Southern Senator
- Willis Robertson, of Virginia - met today in closed session to discuss Weaver’s ap-
pointment. Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy
saying he had received several complaints about Weaver’s loyalty.

Serakec Aan EUender, of Louatena ,
oprler® alk Ww 0eR Cah'on Gy ken oy EN
leleumen ayotiece wb woo " apaanadt Wark ston
ACAD (rok Weaver once. Yard Communi fr alk Ua-
br orn a. ee Ben hiny Corr iRRg , Whar
ig KRAdOA bY anol QoumMean Qouaer —
UWS Wo Stobastrcn , of Viraruian - uroh todam oe
Closed seacie, fo choawss Weavers apport uot.
Gorator BUshoboy lol oioclosecr Ue Yak sek of

WMD to lw. Kenedy OUMM ug Yacr WCHL IAA ag Jor al

acwPlomds about Weavg 0 low~auky,

Name:


Text from page_11.png:
Sentence Database A01-053

He said these concerned Mr. Weaver’s alleged association with organisations black-
listed by the Government. Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator
Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of Investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver.
He believed he would perform ” outstanding service” in his post. Senator Robertson’s
committee has to pass Mr. Weaver’s nomination before it can be considered by the
full Senate.

Me sain Meee corcesuad Mr. Weaver's
OML ZEN Besocrakern wtlra orauusakere Glack -
RdRHR SK Me_ Govodeunik. Lerechiothy Hr.
Korn edin vugh2hd a RUD to Quoler “Rabatoou
Dayna ba. Jentoal Bvean of lbuokgakur bad
Lea walk perferm ,oubksbauding sevice ”
ia Win poate, Souchker ~ 2oeacn's Comuleg
how to pros Mr. Weave's naninaker bQfonQ it

con O}]R cansiclo2ar yy Mas full Sencke

Name:



Text from page_12.png:
Sentence Database A01-058

eg a eer:
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough over West Germany’s cash offer to
help America’s balance of payments position. He said bluntly in Washington yester-
day that the offer - 357million - was not good enough. And he indicated that his
Government would try to get Germany to pay more. He did not mention personal
talks with Dr. Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.

PRESIDERT KEVNEDY Le wrady to ae though
or Wage Gouoau'ts cack olla bo ‘lp
buasica > Balace of paymerks pombe, We_
SAA HlLathy Li Wook glen qetOAay bral
bio ofles - S59 uulcyn- woo ude Goods croungk.
hc ho cucdicaleaA yak hip Goponwrott
Waukd& “A bo gett Goucmuata pay “ore . Lig.
BAK vok vrenlron paromah tala wih Dr,

Name:


Text from page_13.png:
Sentence Database A01-063

But he said discussions ”on a higher level than in the past” might be useful. The
President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano, the West German
Foreign Minister, who is due in Washington next week. A big slice of Germany’s
*aid” is the early payment of a 210million debt to America. United States officials
quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway.

“Buk LOL sorik Aocrasicra ~ or A Wighd

eves bon We be pat aaght 62 ula,
The “Puagicrewt wt prabably oie area Ma
preteen vwibh Dr. ~ Bacwhoro , sa_ Week Gormes
Ferer gu Muristes, WhO “so dee wi Werobrghor,
wart umoek. A Gig sien of Germay's | aia”
w MeL earky payuet ol A 6A0 wiWeg,
Agee fo hmuesica. Uiufeck Shotes officials
pack ly pout owe hak fuis eo wore mio

te huadst ocr OU LION «

Name:



Text from page_14.png:
Sentence Database A01-068

And they are unimpressed by the Germans’ claim that they cannot pay more than
357million without upsetting their own economy. The Americans say Germany is
having it too good and is not paying for the past or for the present. The Adenauer
Government flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower Government to get them to
pay a regular sum towards the cost of keeping American troops in Germany.

bn Hie Or Uru preseed by be Gowrceus ' cla.
bak thon caounnck paw ume Worx SSP ni Wier
usiWhouk wp anna tueir owwH% eComonn. The
puencevs sow GHCTurcuy io havens Ur too
GOOCH AK we nok pyr a fer Me rook

or for ba puteauk. The Aotenaunerm Govdduurcoul
Prot hy Locke AGW PHS by be ECiserhougy
Goormuenh do gee Marr to pay a “gular
own sowosds Me cae of Moo ~a pruoncen

4v 00 > fistoin Gr Con creas :

Name:


Text from page_15.png:
Sentence Database A01-072

These support costs are a big drain on America’s dollar reserves. Dr. Adenauer’s
answer is the once-and-for-all cash offer of 357million. President Kennedy’s rejection
of it is a painful blow to the West German Government. It will now have to pay
more - and increase taxation to do so - or run the obvious risks in upsetting the new

American administration.

Tree support Coats at A Bia dwaun cu

Prrreca's dohasr we@v@s, Dr, bacunan',
onowes ore ance - ar-fer—al’ cach

oes of B59 wilten “Pragiotdek Kerrecty's
vevockion of ib is a palitul bow to be
Wes Gesnci. Gortmuodk. Ib wil uow haye
fo poy mrome® - Auk wemase tarahcu to cto

Name:


Text from page_16.png:
Sentence Database A01-077

ea ee ee

And, since this is election year in West Germany, Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot.
Joyce Egginton cables: President Kennedy at his Washington Press conference ad-
mitted he did not know whether America was lagging behind Russia in missile power.
He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answer on
February 20.

mcd sca Miro to alechken aoe a.  Wegt
Germoauy, Dr. Adenaunes be wi A tough apo.
Joyce QQ uber caBles: “Pesiotenr ba rrecty
ok Kio Wookiighen “Pres conrleenca acuullech
La Ar uosk kre wWhebles huenca War

eee behanh “Rees . wieclla peat.

Wr Lor 4 orcteg $0 Coma yp wihr the auswes

On ARAvuory ae.

Name:



Text from page_17.png:
Sentence Database A01-082

This surprising statement was a sharp about-face from his warnings during the Presi-
dential election campaign. He claimed slackness in the Eisenhower Administration had
caused America to lag behind Russia in nuclear development. President Kennedy did
his best to avoid giving Pressmen a direct answer. George Brown*; CHILDREN”*;
TWO men who are poles apart in personality last night dominated Parliament’s
fiercest battle since the 1959 election - Mr. George Brown and Mr. Enoch Pow-
ell, the Health Minister.

Tu, surpree okwWQweovk wo3151. a stop aQouk—
Qe ercriuWoh ad@ ORon compara. Ad Cla ueck
plachues We MeL Gaeu hourds forururn Vane
Loo carernm bussican b lag Qari “Rireriar
te uclaas 6 Ae uelop ure, “Pucmettitk Karrroly
dior Lic Wek to aNDcrcd GOAL, “Pues ein
WA Arawach caries . Gover “Brow.
CWILPREN TWO wen who at poke arct

mw poroom as by Lag wig Ut Acorns HAhRck

Name:



Text from page_18.png:
Sentence Database A01-087

Mr. Brown, passionate and warm-hearted, led Labour’s attack on the higher health
charges. Mr. Powell, white-faced and outwardly unemotional, replied with a statis-
tical statement - and ended by inciting Labour M Ps to angry uproar. One dealt
with the human issue behind the Health Service; the other tried to show that the
balance-sheet must always come first.

Mar. “Bromon , pacricuale onck worn. - Wasback |
BA Labav's akack om Ux Wighes Lealhh
Cmorggs, Mr. “Powe , White — faced aud

Owe worsrds by, Menolkicenad , ec pe A wilh a
dodmelical sbokQrek — Auk Garer by Wcihuag
Lomas MPs to angvyn upveos. Gue_ dealt
wih bbs We Leone BELLA Mai NMeolly

Cesuica.* brea elo Wier to dslcro Mirah the

Rroloucn -— oveg+ nice +- olwass COAuU2 Fir sh.

Name:



Text from page_19.png:
Sentence Database A01-091

The result of the vote was not in doubt. For the Tories were massed in answer to their
whips to defeat a censure motion on the Government for ”undermining the Health
Service” and placing heavy burdens on those least able to bear them. Mr. Brown
declared that the policy under censure was monstrous. It had offended many people
far beyond the ranks of Labour supporters.

The acount af He cole woo uch ~~ daub.
qor bia VOY ws wes. WAsect “en Cums DERQy 40
Bers Whries bo arfeak aq c2us0t mr Qa cy
cn be GOootmugub for  wid@Dunung bee
braatthd Gosoiaa. ands PLACA Kaave Gusclems
com buco. tenor abin. to Gear Vem. far.
Broon ote clmueKR bral bua policy ~otQs

Cn UrR Ware wmouslousd. Lh had offe—cta cd
MACUL, peo pla_ Pors~ BRL ore ON ict. anna

Lo®us supporlro.

Name:



Text from page_2.png:
Sentence Database A01-007

Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and Peeresses have been created. Most Labour sen-
timent would still favour the abolition of the House of Lords, but while it remains
Labour has to have an adequate number of members. THE two rival African Nation-
alist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge
from Sir Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.

Gincn ASE, 1B Lawaur Le Peas arck
eoereleso Uavde bean crreaker. Most Lao
moulasuk Walk akte Droeur Me abo hou
of Me Houee af Lovads, Bak WU ib wus
IaSows- ma to haut on ateanele. walle
a wanker. TWE bom wnval = bhiccu
Nottomali ct “Poukkes of Nar bou Rhoadoa
lave agurs2cr fo eek toagbeax to Poca
hia chamruge from Sir Roy Walrushy |

uc Te ckernal ~Pugwues.

Name:


Text from page_20.png:
Sentence Database A01-096

The Press, many doctors and public were denouncing the proposals. He quoted from
this letter which Mr. Gaitskell had received: ”My background is a doctor of 68,
who has practised medicine for 43 years, chiefly as a panel doctor. ”I am a lifelong
Conservative. I am horrified and amazed by my party’s proposal to prostitute the
whole principle of the State service and to render that service a hardship to poor
people.

The “Paces mor Aockers OOS PABuc war®
AR WOU Cn bhea_  pyvmpacals. Hee Quolerd Grom
Pic MO Whiewk Mir, Gould eW Lo® ueceven :
a My BacrgueK 4 aA docker of b&, who
Mos VAN waticinn flor N23 yor, chafly
as KDA paxrel docker, , | an a Ufetlua
Corsesvohde2. ban horn Ker ai® ania ger
ey “OE er hyo rry9Pcoa| te eucmn hike bie
LOKOR puucieplm of Ma SbkeAQ_ sespic® Aud
to pen hos buok sonics, A hevdolir fo Poor

PLOyP le.

Name:



Text from page_21.png:
Sentence Database A01-102

” After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick, my considered opinion is that
anybody supporting the increased charges is a wicked, old -.” Mr. Brown went on:
” We are dealing with a noble edifice which needs an imaginative architect to improve
it, but it has got a quantity surveyor. We have descended from the real problems to
fiddling about with bills of cost.

» MAe> a Liebe of balpng deine inn tails
headmmea bue are, YS COoncadmad opr co luok
OOo, rupporb ug, bus lucuracsadk Ohnqge to A

UR CMAA , AK -. “ue. Bron weuk an ty Oe
ore dAgoliia wih a uabW earfica, Which
MOLD AW WH aq udkye arckileck ta un proud
Us, bur th hon gor A quaulbhy awtyer. We_
Lose A@ecendokK Fou be seat prableuns to

Faank~ o abauk  olk Bua of coat,

Name:



Text from page_22.png:
Sentence Database A01-107

” We believe that a comprehensive medical service, free to the patient at the point of
need and with one standard for all sick people, is good and attainable. ”We remain
for it. But the Tories never were.” Interrupted by angry Tories, Mr. Brown retorted:
”The jackals bay when there is nothing better they can do.”

We Seteaoe Mak a Cour puslenanv® wectical
eesvica Pea to M2 poe ae Ha_ Pru
oS RRR auidK wilh are skerdeyrh Per ats
ack @Zop_, Ww AeeK aid atharinabt.
We nemo. fee it. “Bole bin “Vows
ULULS WRI. bre seruplarK Buy eT AN Terres,
hee. “Brann nerorterd: , Tha jackals bary

Wher,  broe re nolrrs a Her 5 brown Co. cho.

Name:



Text from page_23.png:
Sentence Database AO01-113

He told them that their conception of social services was wholly different - funda-
mentally different from that of Labour. They would provide an ambulance service for
the absolutely wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to get.
Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health spending and
started charges, Mr. Brown reminded the hostile Government benches that was done
in 1950 because of the financial strain of the Korean war.

Lea, dolR rere bok Mare conmpbeou of social
SeIWCRe wae wholly difloed - Pride nronboluy
orfleserse Fron Mak of Latour. Thaw WOULA
PrOVIAL2_ an aunhalonce servicer, Lor bug obsoluie ly
wore boeedK - Bulk" wooulch vok G2 Leo cenuferbabic
wor tee Caoy bo seb. brs wen na yeors Mork

Sh wos La@Gas- wlieuw Prak ere oa combing

m haarkbh spencdiqn auck BroheaK chorazo, Mr,
Brown n2enareA Ma hoable Gorenret Gercdrco
Vigte wow deme, tn ALSO becerse of MR firnicial

ONorn OF Fhe Korean wa>s,

Name:



Text from page_24.png:
Sentence Database A01-117

Pe ee a ee a ee eee ener
In fact, the Tories made it worse now for the sick and needy than Labour had to make
it in 1950. And as a percentage of social service expenditure, health had fallen from
28.5 to 23.1 per cent. Then Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to the unsmiling
Mr. Powell. He demanded that instead of taking it out of the patients Mr. Powell
should take ruthless action against the drug making industry, whose profits had risen
by up to 400 per cent. in the last eight years.

Ww Go ce, bre, Tories wacte. ik werse row

(ox bre siek aur BIA bnew LaBbauur hak
lo woke tk We ARCO. MA as A pocaortage
28 soak ass0ice® ekpeudibhine | heartkl had
Coma. from 28.5 +6 23.A poo cone, Thaw
hue. © BuawH Swag tia abbacn Aivectly to
tue womiluag Me. “Pouek, Ue clorncauctaad
Luce Uiseak of boating a ee ee

On Cavks Mur, Powe’ DROWNA bake ruices
ACRE Ageusk bia Arug matug Wwotuabry, , 2S

Whore, praRih hah aen by up bo 4OC pees

Name:



Text from page_25.png:
Sentence Database A01-122

"Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers, children and sick people than to
take on this vast industry,” Mr. Brown commented icily. ”Let us have a full inquiry
into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry.” The health of children today
owed much to the welfare food scheme. It was maintained during the war. Now in
conditions of Tory affluence it seemed it could not be carried on.

y Mar Power Races ib Cass to tae A ak

of} matress , OWN. and moh aecopRr Han

ko tare, Cr trie vomot eA ne 5” Mur.
“Brongn commmenreNX Lay. , leh Ue bav® a

FAW awry who =the cosk of Avugs ard

bug PWRKamUA CON Car Wmdnrobn * “Thal heath

of Adiduen Foray COWRA wor to Mra waderg
Fook sera. Lb wae mroarnbaintn dunug
Maz wor. Now Ww conaikems of Tory

offluenrcn {6 seouedr Le coukd& rok Oc

Carrick cm,

Name:



Text from page_26.png:
Sentence Database A01-128

When Mr. Brown sat down Labour M Ps cheered for a full minute - and even his
bitterest opponents on defence joined in. Mr. Powell devoted half his speech to giving
details of plans for improving the hospital service, on which indeed the Government
is making progress. His basic defence of the Health Service cuts was that ”even after
the proposed changes the net cost of the service to the Exchequer will have increased
over three years by 20 per cent.

Luc be. Brown sak down Latorr MPs
m2nree for aA Paw ain. - aa evr. lic
Giro OpPonewrs om Agke~cr OA BA we

hur. Powelh asvolead Lalf tic spear bo guna
roberts @& plows for wpvoonrg We Lospwte\
BROW on WHACK Liadeok Me Govauiowt
Wrtdig wroquen- Kis Banc adatach of bua
Peart Cowie cake Woo Mak * coer ates
burg proparh chance bin uok cook of be.
pewica_ 40 Waa Excraguer WM have Wecugased

evsrd bw 2 LOTS oy 20 yo out .

Name:



Text from page_27.png:
Sentence Database A01-132

”That cannot continue without either development being limited or an adjustment
being made in financing.” The Government decided to adjust the financing - which
Mr. Powell claimed was underpinning - not undermining - the service. Answering
the attack on ”economic charges” for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these
foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants.

an THOS Como Owe nus, thhow abies ctarele puck
aeing, UUubed or an adtadhedae Sug wae
in Rucnctig. " The Gorasrucrk aacitecd to
adinde bua Ruan cieg - whiew hur, “Poweds
ROAR Wa BKAD Plug T KOH LADuUG ning -
en sesvicn. has usesmng big aback ou
y ecomomic charges for wtf foods, Ke.
Pow2{ysa, saick Mak alk Hre® foods wautcd
deh Oe Beso i, feuss bras PR CLV AG 22 guboas—

Natron heoigt orca Gv outers :

Name:


Text from page_28.png:
Sentence Database A01-132

*That cannot continue without either development being limited or an adjustment
being made in financing.” The Government decided to adjust the financing - which
Mr. Powell claimed was underpinning - not undermining - the service. Answering
the attack on “economic charges” for welfare foods, Mr. Powell said that all these
foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants.

"Thak couvot aubuud wilraut ees deuele mort
GI vo, Luuteh or an ad Wats he cy wr aole

an Bucucine, The Governurenk dade 1o act jut
Wa, financing - Which Hr. Rowell claimed wos
WAP ming = uot uncDuuwina fre s@vier,
mereasina Wig qhkhach on “ecouowe. CUNaes :
wr voolh One : Mc. Powe saict uak al Lueoe
Caodva calc wk Gee eo por eae re IW OUOUI 0,

vequlas” Noakeuat fearshouce quar.

Name:


Text from page_29.png:
Sentence Database A03-050

On the other hand, Mr. Pearson excels in meeting people informally, but many still
regard him ”as some sort of cross between an egghead and a missionary”. His party
advisers are now trying to correct that image. The bow tie has gone; he is having
lessons on television techniques and is being coached by speech experts.

Qwn brea, chia, enh Mar. “Pearce. oredls
Se tet peop oe fevrroty, Vuk meg
WRU wdqgansK WOd ee sane inal ob eenee
Merwee en OL CQaQhead eK A Wh arcrcsy *
Mio eothy aAvierm WR. now Weg rey ho

CCOVUR ON Mick Loage . “Than Norw BHO ley
ACR 5 Mh 5k Metis Nee ee

hela Yriaven Lec quia, an gh iA Bee 4 COA ARA

Wy RR CAN Ropwrs ..

Name:


Text from page_3.png:
Sentence Database A01-011

Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda’s United National Independence Party (280,000
members) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula’s African National Congress (400,000) will meet
in London today to discuss a common course of action. Sir Roy is violently opposed to
Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the Colonial Secretary,

Mr. Iain Macleod, is insisting on a policy of change.

\
YKAUUAA »

Deis_aoke. Gon Me, Komnck
Uatteck Noariomal tWderprercttucaa “Parby
(28O,COO worden) acd br. Horny Nkubsla's
Mrcan NordLomart Couqures (400, COO ) wih
mead ww  Lonckor today te craCren A Commun
ask chacdian.. Sc “leg @ vrolenk ly
AeperPeRHA to Pic cus agra curd’ QhachkQor
wrcuonn bn ta Nerbrou RrootQeia, Suk Ha
Colcriok Seavekova, Mr. lain Mac leoct,

Lo lLnstoKus fol on poo, a change -

Name:



Text from page_30.png:
Sentence Database A03-071

But, at the same time, there is reason to believe that the Federal Government is not
convinced, on the basis of the information it has so far, that such a project would
be justified from a scientific point of view; and not merely constitute a prestige”
satellite, duplicating to some extent American efforts, as Die Welt suggests today in
a highly critical editorial article.

“Bue, ge Who sere Wen , FuaR® ile n®aoson bo
Beireora Wrark sea Feotaral Goor®uuwaik wa uoh
COW MERA, Ge ben Dees oh ee oe Roig.
“he “OO DO Cus, Lrok arch a prapoek Woulor&r
ea Ie eto From a setublia poiut af veaig;
OK nok wma concdbhubaoo a ,, push go
orAtatea., Anplicalkg to sera axle Meanie
Sie gc The Wah ann Sen oe

~A We Guy eneal whet,

Name:


Text from page_31.png:
Sentence Database A03-073

On the specific question of the use of Blue Streak, Mr. Thorneycroft’s task will be

easier. He can point out that this is the only rocket and launcher in Europe to have
reached a sufficient stage of development for adaptation as the first stage in putting
a heavy satellite into outer space. There has also been some talk of adopting another
British rocket, Black Knight, for the second stage, but the French have one of their
own called Veronique which they would like to see used.

Pen bee. ipece bc tide wan ok Ma wee of Bue
Ceaak hor. Thevaanevott'o task wih ba

gases. Ka. Ce pork alk thak Un us ba
my, ~oowsh and lauwcrar U1. Giors to

wah  uimcinicd® «— au Sheciad® «boat ob esheiieiil
Qs AKA eWoONe we Ws. {at aac are

purr & ~A KNOY aaba Wort ein <n © IPaAcr |
‘TeesQ_ “Sms BeAwW = serr.0_ rere of AA TL oro ney
Buk vookwas, Brac Keg, few Mer secemd

okaga, Qu Lint: “Sale tha uYavkh_ e—-& al |

OWN CaOWwach Varcnn wen Uli en, buon wor eX

Luss bo <_s2. Weed.

Name:

UU. Uk


Text from page_32.png:
Sentence Database A03-080

The Foreign Ministry spokesman added today, however, that the Brussels Treaty was
irrelevant, because research on the various rocket stages had already been concluded,
and only cooperation on the type of capsule was involved. A lesser obstacle to German
participation is the absence of any Ministry or Minister directly responsible for it -
and therefore of any budget under which funds could be appropriated.

“TA For 24 ea | NOOINEN PN spas wma ~~ aclaleoN
today, KoweodTr, brah Maa “Buwats “leealy
WATT “recut , Secar.een, usec cen bQ_
Ocnes wocktah Shages tac palvtacky &2an

COA CHACARRON CY COMPNMOMeNL en bis, baat
of capeutea_ Wome “AOL UR OVD | hm Wee oRbact_

to Geren, por Wer eaka 3 wee 3s a ae. oh

mes Merroley of MiadRT Adank vQeountbtd

fom vk = eR BHO fee OS au buctyork

mR D> uw) WA n~~ ans c#omlcK be_ apprornrarech "

Name:

VU. Wow



Text from page_33.png:
Sentence Database A03-089

This is expected eventually to replace the Fiat G-91, and the F 104 Starfighter, the
backbone of the German Air Force.

2. <a ar pscha.ch COI ba ONag Lo weplacsn Ma
Rok G-W, mr Wa “Face Meri wor
ma, QBacrhoure of Was Gesmee Wr

FTowes .

Name:

A. Moab


Text from page_34.png:
Sentence Database A05-000

THE next White Paper on defence, to be published in March, is likely to contain a

five-year plan for the three Services. Its aim will be to produce superbly equipped,
all-Regular forces of about 400,000 men. The three Services would be ”integrated” to
a greater extent than ever before.

THE vert LOL ta Fa aos on ogle <a, bo
Be puishadW Le Maren, | wm Khary to
conc, aw Ro® ~ yRos- plear ben mea brer
Gax,0icae . Wo ain wil SR to pvomuca, superbly
AAVAPAQN , ow - Wauwas Low CRA of
oSaartk HOS moo we. Te. bhien Couric,

. a
wdourlcd G0, 4, wba qrobect Yo a quays

ee ee Oe ee evar Gale :

Name:


Text from page_35.png:
Sentence Database A05-013

The scheme will be subject to Cabinet approval. Mr. Watkinson remains convinced
that the policy initiated in 1957, in Mr. Sandys’s time as Minister of Defence, is still
correct. This was to return to the tradition of all-Regular voluntary forces, with the
last National Serviceman out of uniform by the end of 1962.

"FSS, OAAR A = NA werk lo Caiuok
AP C*OVO _ Mar, WOokYuntcn. sneer e Con —
Wrcac Mok Ls. polo wet Wabsok
ARSE, ne Me. Berrys 's Nue ao Mido
—_ “Dsls— cs, wo ak Cowunck . Tas wa, bo
ws eesrn Lo Mes Wadi huY oe oe “Ra qulesr
vowmmterym evens, ugrkhk ah Lot Nar war

Sasi ts.yu.ca— ow of, nr tern TON bws_ cued

o§ ARE,

Name:

A. Mow


Text from page_36.png:
Sentence Database A05-017

The Minister regards the recent trend of recruiting figures as encouraging. He is
confident the aim can be achieved. While the possibility of an eventual return to
National Service in some form cannot be entirely discounted, he does not agree that
the point has been reached where this need even be considered. If National Service is
ever resorted to, engagement would probably have to be for three years.

2 MW Wes WUcncapca bein secon her HK
2 UR OVA. oN Oy Ww CAWRQAOR~g.

bre te c#onWworwrk sel ale cor Ou Achizoecd .
WOLALa_ AR pcamitleiihy of DK. eventual wlan
lo Marcu at Sesgi 8a. aw nen, eww

conmnok SQ CRY MeccwtedK , 42 Are
wok aquea, beak Uses pew ty Gan weacrar
WSS Wie used We. WR conmarmanr. If
NeaXewark Lqoor.es, CORT MR WLR A to

Name:


Text from page_37.png:
Sentence Database | A05-022

It is thought this would be the minimum necessary for the extended training modern
arms require and to enable each man to serve at least a year overseas. There is no
truth in suggestions that Mr. Watkinson is at odds with the Service chiefs over the
decision to dispense with National Service, or over any other aspect of defence policy.

wii brane bis wor OQ be Ki,
wreremenry fer buo_ @ wns cARLON Renta arcnn WMects my
Or wROQrnwr anh bo ecrabls. tack wo to
aava_ ab Moreh QD BRAT PULTSO Oe. These
mo We LL eu gQgadien Mok Me, Wot
——. =. oAdks uo Wo Lane Smoien. crab. ovord-

Sasorvesn. er 3=— © ODD Onrrd olwss— orp ach of

;

dafs co pokey,

Name:


Text from page_38.png:
Sentence Database A05-025

Criticisms about Army manpower appear to have come mainly from retired officers
who have held high positions but are out of touch with the existing situation. Mr.
Watkinson has had the utmost support from the C.I.G.S., Field-Marshal Sir Francis
Festing, who believes completely in the principle of an all-Regular army. Gen. Sir
Richard Hull, who is to succeed Sir Francis, is equally convinced Mr. Watkinson is

right.

mciuly fon wrack ohan

lo Kaw? Corn,
WKO UAvq_ “SKX Keen ows pos Hew, Bur

on. orhr of boron worchh bes aria aubnakle. |
be. Wake bas had bua. vbw onpror®

Pew PO C.i. @.S. ) “Fiatcyd ~- Marshal cu

Wewcks “Feitbeyeg, wo Sabror. corner

sf ne Yrncir Q_ Pee ow —aqutor AS UA ,

wa

A, “Picrrers oh Wo , usa® sw SO. an eae

See eo ee ( a QWQUCMA Cow OW COr Mom,

4

Mieka sean w~ w gr ,

Name:


Text from page_39.png:
Sentence Database A05-029

Sir Francis is to hand over to Sir Richard as from Nov. 1. The hand-over, due in
September, was delayed because of the Berlin crisis. Mr. Watkinson and his advisers
felt the change would be unwise at a moment when attention had to be concentrated
on possible need for important military operations. For this reason Sir Francis stayed
on, and sacrificed his leave. ,

Su st Ooeee sa tate Vo Kowck CORRS ho Su- | ee uae
cas Preow Noo. A. Tha hhcanch~ ©O95- , Ama ww.

Bat. cries Me. Wako arol Win advisan
forte rn Chern ge vwouula GQ wwe oe Nw
tw ~—aeelin eee Ohba Soak: Se Be
Conca Wwakack On pormO. uns % Fer Weordut
miter Opsseder. Ter Win one Sum

a ee ae CRAIN Or , orc -seelrde® sacwfic2*

Wand Lomoec.

Name:



Text from page_4.png:
Sentence Database A01-014

Sir Roy’s United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate’s
future. Said Mr. Nkumbula last night: ”We want to discuss what to do if the British
Government gives in to Sir Roy and the talks fall through. There are bound to be
demonstrations.” Yesterday Sir Roy’s chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenfield, telephoned
his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers.

Cie Pons Unitot Tectosal “Posby +
bowcadlh na, dual Lene datkhs on bre
Woleaclorales Fulrve  . Qaich Mr. Mirrwbular
look wield: 4 We vk to cactus: whak to
aa TS ten TRekch dcncneshalians
Weolerdaay Sir “Ray's cual aaa, Ho,
Yan Gurenliglr, teirploudK kis anual

fon we port om Wid tall vor Me. Mac wu Vc

or Cu amrop -

Name:


Text from page_40.png:
Sentence Database A05-039

There was a computed 8.4 per cent. swing towards the Nationalist party of Dr.
Verwoerd, the Prime Minister. This implies the disappearance of the Progressive
party from the House. Early results in yesterday’s general election showed Nationalists
being returned in their strongholds, like Bloemfontein and the Transvaal, with slightly
increased majorities. In the Cape, the veteran United Party politician, Mr. Harry
Lawrence, standing as a Progressive, was defeated in his constituency, Salt River, by
the United party candidate, Mr. H. M. Timoney.

Troe Wren A Compare cd §.h egy corr goers
Louowdsa bis Notcucte bh rows ak (Dr. Vowoered ,
Wa Pere El tes The Ueptean Ba ate -
cpke Pen: ee Wo PR raquaen v@ pore hew~
AQHA aAacMur showAK Norurcatulbe hows
vuartewecrn CL Wasa sworn Qhalare , Kis Blo@u. «
feud eid Lore Tyernvmal » wih ol anbiy
UrewrowecX wegeriheDn . b. bia Caen, We
VOW Lint “Poaby eokKicen » Me. Hovey
Loo ntncon , sherry ig “Progra od , Ww) Cro

Name:



Text from page_41.png:
Sentence Database A05-044

The defeat of the leader of the Progressive party, Dr. Steytler, in Port Elizabeth South,
announced immediately afterwards by the United party candidate, Mr. Plewman, left
the Progressives deprived of both their chief figures. Dr. Verwoerd and the Leader of
the Opposition, Sir de Villiers Graaff, have been returned unopposed. The contests
were for 86 seats as 70 Nationalists and 20 United party candidates are unopposed.

Ten arfeork of Mea Laos of ha,

TF OQuae o@ por hy , De. SMeoutles , We tent

Ewa. Gon, ouewettes ae wicket,

BAAR By Mes Lhd pPEQ  conotolas ?

foe. Maan | wr bw Rvequs eis AQ PYLOREK

oh Mw warr choak Eee. De VagpwoearA aid
iin. Sats ot be. Geechee _ P Sf oka.

Oiteass Graatl, nave Sana naleeCr WA OEPCALN ,

Whe codades wee. fer 86 anod® om 70

Nomevoridee eich 2 Leeler puty cack -

AOKM9 e2_ KWL ORACAR ,

Name:



Text from page_42.png:
Sentence Database A05-048

Long before polling closed at 8 p.m. it was evident that voters were bored by the
Government’s frequent appeals to the electorate. The election was the fourth in four
years. In most constituencies it may go down as the most apathetic in the country’s
history. THE Prime Minister disclosed in the Commons last night that he had con-
sidered early in the Parliamentary recess whether to mobilise reserves necessary to
bring the British Army of the Rhine on to a war footing.

long Geld POUR cloa~aagck of © piu. re WOR
arask Bro yor wot brik by bo

Gowrsn warts feaisk aperorte fo bo eechwor ,
np eke, wane Ww Coe bi ce eee ee,
Nun. ncccwt «Ct BaRaacacs Ub MEW QO ACWH a
Wer co Gpabtabe Ma cory’ s aber,
Thc Ten Weer Aindeetst To ke Coen
Lea na ght® fuok 4&2 Lad Counamaecrd Corky

oe Ne “Pesan a roy e2Coee Wkaeies- to
Mobi 2_ ARAQWIrO UwWEQesErry 46 larg bere

ger He Avi of wn a ee on to a wer f{ ocx |

Name:

A» Wo



Text from page_43.png:
Sentence Database A05-053

He decided that it would be a great error to do so and to recall Parliament. But
there would be no hesitation in mobilising if a further deterioration in the situation
warranted such a step. It would have to be accompanied by other measures of a
military, economic and political kind. Mr. Macmillan, who was winding up the foreign
affairs debate, said the Government could not be party to accepting as a matter of
principle the imposed division of Germany.

We Ocak brah # WaulrA ba a crak Ow vane

lo XO 70 anick to arcaty oe eee ae “Buk

aN awa bLoeilhos ctabareraweoL UL Lens on Snellen,
Warranted earctra sep, Ik waulkK Laver to Oe
O COA POA SON Wy oh OT WOCKane, ot x. wr bony
VRC rn, & BRAN eenr ot RA fe Ma We
Ge. oe ete oe tan Bete
AQ Golo, sane, Mia Gouoturnewte conular uo3r

Gat peor ys to acca eh. AS A WwodlAZ- od

pun esp le | Ser ae one etna ALD 2s OL of Geru cg 2

Name:



Text from page_44.png:
Sentence Database A05-058

”We must not be rattled into surrender, but we must not - and I am not - be afraid
of negotiation.” Mr. Godber, Minister of State, Foreign Office, said earlier that the
Government had asked the Medical Research Council to reassess the fall-out position
in view of the Russian tests. The Council’s findings would be made public.

&

Wa, uneb wok WQ yoarWloor whe Been KQT |

uw

a ee
Mi PAS of Above, “Fer eigu ORs , Deed

eas Ss. (aa le Goo wane kao Go We_o®
Mis beaorcad Ag sere, Conner $0  4@ceemaion
es Lom- awk porter co ee Oe en

Waites. De,  Coexect' 5 Cnet ge WwW Curler Bx

Name:



Text from page_45.png:
Sentence Database A05-062

With a vigour and authority which delighted old Parliamentary friends and foes alike,
the Earl of Avon, the former Sir Anthony Eden, in his maiden speech in the House of
Lords last night, gave a warning that appeasement over Berlin could only lead to war.
To stand firm, he declared, was not to invite war, but the surest way to avert it.

W)va A VQOuT CAN curbrori hy WU cA cara thecd
OXON Ros hore tov4 Piaice an o\ foes AW ua
bus. Cori of Accu , bos Fevers Sur be ¥ Kay
Cag tO ft pet Ow hk Mette
os Lover, loot USHN , Qeeum AW WAS CA
uote peste eas aves ~ Beart, canter
ow Lead te wer, Te eherok Crew | Wy

a

ADC Cusrcw , War work ko nue 09 3 hm UOAr, Ro ue

CY

ren a et WOCEAA, to mvoerk cb

‘

Name:



Text from page_46.png:
Sentence Database A05-069

It was the end of a rather curious speech in which Mr. Macmillan wound up the
two-day debate on foreign affairs. He began in a low, almost chatty monotone, and
his voice never rose to any accent of urgency. He passed in rapid review the United
Nations Secretariat; nuclear tests; the canard about British interference with the
United Nations in the Congo; Kuwait; and South-East Asia.

Lb wore bee err of ben vrobear Guna
DPAMCAR WR MT Macular Would uy
Ve, beg — wr aterns , Atncah Cralby Ueno -~
Lene od Le Omen. oO vasa bo oeeN
acca.) oy AT OPA CHA, We Pores ork she VA PON
VRBO bea, LELcihkar Norn, Sa cerlWorioar }
wucle cs Loata ; WAAR, Ceuacroen aWawk Rae

Name:

LA. Maw



Text from page_47.png:
Sentence Database A05-073

He spent most of his short half-hour on Berlin. He deplored the possibility of some
*new myth” about betrayal of Germany by the Allies. ’We do not,” he said, ’really
know what the Russians want.” But he was certain that they wanted to establish a
final and irrevocable division of Germany. Britain could not be a party to an imposed
division. But negotiation, as the debate had shown, could be undertaken on a variety
of bases.

Vin, span ce of Wis ahenk vnarfiloar on
“Bast. Ma deplwr2ed ha poest Diiky of
PONS URYD way be * abouuh BeWawa of} Ger mousy
Sy be ANWeas.  ~ Wa do uch” Ka scrcdk Yo maty
Wnow whak Ue Brertas work. Buk we wor
costo Perak Peay pooled fo ab abliolk av
Rawat ord Wweavecadla oimnic al Gorurccrrg,
DuleL. conlrA ask He aA porby fo an ae pcord

(i tiane.... .* Baad saqgoh amon | as brea agvera hack

SLAG LON, F acmnlo\ Qa. wuMorlatle _ au A OMmie bay

Name:

E

LA. U


Text from page_48.png:
Sentence Database A05-080

Mr. Macmillan explained that he had deliberately refrained during the summer from
recalling Parliament or ordering mobilisation by proclamation, such as would be nec-
essary to bring the British Army of the Rhine on to a fully active footing. That
would have created a thoroughly undesirable atmosphere of panic. He thought that
the situation was rather more hopeful.

Muar . Mac wien arntplecuead Luak bo Kak as Uber m=
oon voN\ rar unc nug Wea sees orn

oy Pp¥Oc Leroiawn auc’ ou wowlar Br

)
MACQVePCAT WFO Burg “Burak hv ay al us, “Dia
Cm to om Baty acteot. beam, . “Ther

wdorrclorK HKavo@_ Craar ror eo. Pao ong bly wach) -
needs clmagvsphee of pourra. Ma bron gua

Liccet @ine.  Waleantaaer scan “enbess wend

Name:


Text from page_49.png:
Sentence Database A05-084

The Russians now realised its seriousness. The French doubts were more about pro-
cedure than about substance. The Prime Minister’s attitude of studied calm brought
down the temperature of the debate, which never at any time rose to fever pitch, to
a remarkable degree of sub-normality. Throughout Mr. Macmillan’s speech the Earl
of Home, Foreign Secretary, was listening in the Peers’ Gallery.

“Aya orn = ADUDPO WOR Mens aut proc iaAwe
Paar eee. er ee, ee ee 3 "Tn cag, Dhani he
ORL AR af okucliask cai Graugrt aown Wa
forrpssawe of Ma cttoake | Wier noord
ory MW Kons voor Yo feoar prbek _ eo @

“Tharere gg WOU Lrwus- . Pe eee gyAAVcrkwA Lio Coast

oN Merwe , “Foy Ra Seevelorrn, worn WW oraerner
oo i. ate CG AULT S ,
Name:



Text from page_5.png:
Sentence Database A01-020

Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis
which had blown up. He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals
attending. These plans do not give the Africans the overall majority they are seeking.
African delegates are studying them today. The conference will meet to discuss the
function of a proposed House of Chiefs.

le. Maclook wer ac wikk MWa_ coularource
oe Llaucart2s Warce® ddoeke we onaier
WL hack Slows up. US has voto RV2AWA
Lis EX Plasa bo oa Miccrs anh Uboal
OMe mArrg - These plewe do ucdk qivot Ma
Marcas bie ovo maormby May our
serking., Mbrcan aaigaakee oe shiadyira
leer toctay, Th2 coufocuea wilh “reok
to Xincuess Ha_ freckicu of a pvoeaeed

Hames. @+ Cyrcoh.

Name:



Text from page_50.png:
Sentence Database A05-089

The early speakers in the debate each severely rated the speech of his predecessor.
These strictures were all too well justified. We started with the plaintive wailings
of Mr. Healey, ”*Shadow” Foreign Secretary, described by Mr. Godber, Minister of
State, Foreign Office, as pedantic and obscure on Berlin, damaging and obscure on
the Congo.” In turn, Mr. Godber was censured by Mr. Shinwell, former Labour
Defence Minister, for having read the House an ill-prepared essay.

Th Wor speaton wr MOL acdbob each
LOR TUA yoadoK Ma aseR20. of Yio pugreerror
Tuses sichwco ware a foo Wr Juskfied,
Won starbadk wee Mes. plonntior UOC Nan te
o§ Mer. baatry pw Seadaw  Fovel ys Seeasbouy ,
Armored by Mer. Goodbor ~ Muurrod of
Sto, TFovaitn Offer, oy 4 podaruke ood
SIE Men eae “Rav , ACRE crcrk obscwar
co bre Congo. WwW ken Mer. GoaQir won

CQ. aw PON bua duos. GLa Lor , fevyuwnrgy LaQas-

Pea — os WAH AQ , (or leur Q vgacs hs

Name:



Text from page_51.png:
Sentence Database A05-094

The trouble about such debates is that they range too widely. They remind one of
the Rugby match in ”Tom Brown’s Schooldays,” in which all the boys were welcome
to take part, and only those who ”really meant business” removed their jackets. Not
many metaphorical braces were visible in the early stages of to-night’s debate. Mr.
Healey had another tilt at the Prime Minister’s golf-course Press conference, which
he described as ”a display of flabby and fatuous complacency which takes us straight
back to Neville Chamberlain.”

Tre, Wwauwdt)th. aQXyusnk asucr agWaler w Laor

Lag Ran aoa wre td car ws a Vou RBeawu > Sericoledcuye ,*

Che aK DEQ WHR WElUe $0
Labo ec * A Orcs rn Aca ude acoltuy ere
waAhorRKaAceN byact®s wWO8Q ViMnVBla we Ma
aor by a\aqs_a a’ ems Balk x ARMA. MY.

; ‘ 6% \
wealty Wack wnolror Wit ar re. re Muu a
Qokt - COMran_ “Pages coukarme. ca, haa an KQ_

AQwcmbnck Ar a & rayplouy ol fiaboy an WwW



Text from page_52.png:
Sentence Database A05-099

A reference to the reunification of Germany brought a bark of ”Start another war!”
from Mr. Ellis Smith (Lab., Stoke on Trent S.). Then Mr. Healey launched out on
his pet theme of limitation of armaments in Europe. This could, he suggested, be
linked with prohibition of the production of atomic weapons in any part of Europe.
Inspection and control would be much easier to establish in these territories.

Berne a bork of 4 Short cross wor |
Gan mr. Elin Suctu [Law , Chola on teed oJ
Pete Se. Mealy Lairckack anh er We per
Mthiecnes  O ee  e 2 efanc nels «». Coelie
Tid COA, Ka sn Q ee dta® — GQ LRN Ws

pros tec Ro oY iin. prvomuck’an of aloud

WAM Pox. OY aw pool of Curoee, las pechkon

aw = Cah LOEW GL eet Lasus te

Name:



Text from page_53.png:
Sentence Database A05-104

Mr. Healey denounced the Government for using double standards. Ministers had
rebuked the unaligned nations for not condemning the new Russian tests, but they
themselves had no condemnation for events in Angola or Algeria. It was not for the
Government, said Mr. Healey, to take up moral attitudes, ” especially when the temple
of their religion is the bingo-parlour.”

hus, Mean pdenarark Wa Govier for
wa Quthead Wioa_ ne ee One: naku, fer ude
COW ARE WS Und So ae heat, Bar
Paso brosur salon, Kak uo councktuakhou for
werk OC. Migata cor Alaena . I was uch fur
bint: Goan wrt , cern Moor, Mealy , to
loks up weve OMA ADS | . prank wWhe~

cy

ine Le OAS ot Wa WRAL Cen wm =O

Nira so - por l\our, -

Name:



Text from page_54.png:
Sentence Database A05-108

This puzzled such students of comparative religion as had failed to detect this cult.
But Mr. Healey had a partial and limited success. He rallied behind him the Left-
wing opinion so coolly snubbed last night by his leader, Mr. Gaitskell. Mr. Godber’s
performance merited all the mild scorn heaped on it by Mr. Shinwell.

“Tr. PY@AaAr® wer rructatr of Corpora UD
weNigion an bad tonttek to otahkack bY orl -
“Bur hue, berate KA A pom Wark ea ocX

Lt Neck chases . Ke vowed bavriidrd Ki
Wea Wkwihouwa OAL. 20 Coclkky suubh &2ac® lab
ae by ee Lsaess kar, Gora tes. Myr,
Goodsts. paserrciea wasloA ok Mr Huh

WRK PRO ann ve ey hes. Gun wad.

SO COVA

Name:

LA . Mow


Text from page_55.png:
Sentence Database A05-113

True, he did tell the House that the Government had asked the Medical Research
Council to reassess the fall-out position in view of the Russian tests, and said that
the council’s findings would be published. He was not so happy in his defence of the
Government’s failure to condemn France for her nuclear tests in the Sahara on the
grounds that they were only little ones.

i | Ko kA eM bUWX Wan Mark Wo
Gooamesrrk Boor arhearR WX bLhodrical Rroorarerd
Pesewan\ ~ te saccnenes “bine, - Fed = cal printed asin a
wes eb Les Pericn bats, aa said buck
pws Misuse’ % hu cdinas wor lerX 2 PUMA SNQ KA ‘
Ws, war vor -@ Laeppy c ia aglerca of
Me Goormu ct os Rend We lo Comotam
lineas, tee ET elas Son oe  $Oeen

Name:


Text from page_56.png:
Sentence Database A05-116

This was too reminiscent of the nursemaid and her illegitimate baby. For the most
part, Mr. Godber muttered his way through a cliche-ridden Foreign Office brief. He
resembles the elephant seal, an otherwise endearing creature whose articulation is
limited, we are told, to a series of heavy sighs. Sir Lynn Ungoed-Thomas, M.P. for
Leicester N.E., a former Labour Solicitor-General, and Mrs. Barbara Castle, M.P.
for Blackburn, a member of the Labour party National Executive, delivered a letter
to Mr. Soldatov, the Russian Ambassador, last night protesting against the Russian
nuclear tests.

: 2 wer Lo usenrulacnrk® G84 a Ewan maior
OR ON KAS TMD QA Hors DaQye | Faw tea wncet
yore, Mer. Goamas- WENA Ws OOy
Vrouw a CM ARS. — WOKE “Foveryu G TResx
Sano S Aa wease Oleae bre aha phat ROK , Chau
AS PQDT CHARA G Curaree Wkora
a Pe Ae oe Let Lad | wR CR Lolel, to ow
aamnas af USAUK Waka - Gun Layun Lx gaged -

Tecan , WOT Per leaceelir UE. om formas

LoQsens- So Gerber — Geuansar ; Onwcr Luss .” Beo Seon

Name:



Text from page_57.png:
Sentence Database A05-121

It was signed by 60 Labour M.P.s, many of them Left-wing sympathisers. It condemned
*the pollution of the world’s atmosphere as a crime against humanity.” A personal
letter of protest against the tests from Canon Collins, chairman of the Campaign for
Nuclear Disarmament, addressed to Mr. Khruschev, was also taken to the Russian
Embassy.

Iw AUQK bY §O  LaQses- Lats, M4 Cy
ey Moa wh we cseqee Pets > QUEPO a2 9,
We CemAR Reh LL pater of Ki World's
odrwcophoe ca a anun ager Linmily.-

NO poser art CMEAR~ 90 protdt agyerckr® Ma_

Name:


Text from page_58.png:
Sentence Database A05-125

A POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT writes: Ban-the-bomb demonstrators thronged

the Central Lobby of the House of Commons last night and formed a queue stretching
for more than 200 yards outside in Old Palace Yard. About 2,000 lobbied M.P.s and
harangued them on disarmament.

S Pet Ncek  Covitcoen anh. cela ¢ Ben tie,
eer LF  ARerrarisbahen brrongear Mer Gruwa
Lohan a Be Home wt Corciana leet
Wg  r®%  Levnwrt a Geran ehaberr.4
Com wena, Leo WO Weve, ae Net AR
ms OL Adlaca Yar. AQawr 1200
Vat Bac MUM. s earch bOAngesteodK tio

Name:


Text from page_6.png:
Sentence Database A01-026

MR. IAIN MACLEOD, the Colonial Secretary, denied in the Commons last night that
there have been secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia’s future. The Northern
Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers’ parties
- the United Federal Party and the Dominion Party. But representatives of Sir Roy
Welensky, Prime Minister of the Central African Federation, went to Chequers at the
week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan.

lr, MN MACLEOD, bao Colomiad Secure hoy ,
O22 mw Wea Comrncus lack wighh Mae
Loe have begun accuse ueqohakenn om
Morbres “Rhodenalts fibve. Te Nowbhay
RPhostagian cenkesenca Ww Lenclerr hoo 2220
vaycodked wy Ma two ‘sheen webb\os pediees
bus Unther Feadoal “Fewhy aud Ha Dowsnton
Posy, “Buk ucpareerkorive, of Lr ‘Row
WAL ns ly , Pre Mirisles of ba Cuboh
Mica, Tecrerotte. , wer to Clhaquos ob

brea weak -enh [we talks wih My. Mac wa Wor ’

Name:



Text from page_7.png:
Sentence Database A01-030

Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation. Mr. Macleod was not at the
week-end meeting. But he told M Ps yesterday: ”I have no knowledge of secret
negotiations.” He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government.
But the final decision remained with the British Government. Mr. James Callaghan,
Labour’s Colonial spokesman, said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks
by refusing to sit round the conference table.

Marbrou Ruocecnr io a ueibo of Hea Kdooameu,
bucr , Bacltro& was nak al MeL weak —-end

magus. “Bur be hola MPS wrserchoy: , I

hove uo bnowledae of seacuak wusqohabena, *

Me sai’ “Brtary hah ay odligakhen to ccusuth
Lin Feder G2muek, Bub tha ual
AQcrdien vweurcaruch wrk bie “Brlbish Goodu weuk
Mr. Joues Cathaghor , Lo®as's Colcurra
DpelBoman), said Lic “Roa had uo ng to
ALLOW PIO Beer Ww Me talkha by hirano

Name:



Text from page_8.png:
Sentence Database A01-043

Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume today. PRESIDENT KENNEDY today
defended the appointment of a Negro as his Housing Minister. It has aroused strong
opposition from the anti-Negro senators of the Deep South. The negro is Mr. Robert
Weaver of New York. One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination
in Government and State housing projects.

Informed tarts ak Lancaster Haree wild
Wounrn +ockaum. PRESIPENT KENNEDY boda
drferctod Ms aprembuent of a Neaquo ac

iro Honea Murdes. Ie has arourerd ahem
Operation Pow Ma cud - Argue seuabevg of ba,
Dep Sauk. The. rego WG Mr. “Rodel *
Weows of Nuo York. Gus. of Wo talho wou
2 to ame NOP Lo uovactal Aiscerniuakoy
~ GCovodnwenk cor XH Sher harreres o

Name:



Text from page_9.png:
Sentence Database A01-049

Senator Allen Ellender, of Louisiana, sparked off the opposition by telling a television
audience it was *current Washington gossip” that Weaver once had Communist affilia-
tions. The Senate Banking Committee, which is headed by another Southern Senator
- Willis Robertson, of Virginia - met today in closed session to discuss Weaver’s ap-
pointment. Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy
saying he had received several complaints about Weaver’s loyalty.

Sencdkor AZ Cliiaquctos ; of lo srr ona |

spoked of true cppowthou by beWrirra Ar
Lele pisre aucrienrcea. th Wor curv Cue
Whosraaton aorote Hak Weavd omce_ Mack
Qrrvntea, War Lo Lnadeack by and ed
Combdrasn Sauber — Witienn “Rokralvon , of
ur quran - Lust ook Le cleaar soeteu to
Moscr~es Woaaues's apecmw war. Goudberr

Raetson Lalas Aisclesacdd be ack aguk a Wd

Name:



